hey Fredrik here just wanted to give you
guys a quick tour of the brand new this
week in photo website so check it out
let's let's take a look at this thing so
first of all one of the biggest requests
that we got for the for the website was
aside from please update it was to make
the episodes easier to find so and
that's what we did so put them up here
right front and center so soon as you
hit the blog soon as you hit the website
this week in photo com you'll see these
are the these are the latest episodes
listed in chronological order here with
the last four or the last running 30
days right here on the right side so
making them really easy to find now
since we're going to be posting much
more frequently to the website this
won't always be a chronology of course
will be other posts sort of intermingled
in between the shows so in order to make
it really easy for you to always just
get to the shows if that's what you're
looking for just click on this button
right here this is the episodes button
so if you click on it this menu item
you'll always get the last running shows
and if you want to go back in time you
can just click older entries and if you
want to just go you're not sure you want
to keep going back in time and clicking
that but button and scrolling you just
use the search so you can just say so
you're looking for whether shows where
we mentioned say Africa and it afri CA
in the search box and hit the enter
button and boom right there these are
the last these are all the episodes that
are in the database that we mentioned
the word Africa in really cool so making
it really easy for you to find stuff
second thing we did was the twit
community is really strong it's full of
really passionate photographers that
have from all ilks I mean they're folks
in the in the in the twit community from
wedding photographers to sports
photographers to landscape model
everything you know so that you're in
really good company here but we were
lacking a really cohesive place for you
to coalesce and sort of meet up with
each other and exchange I
he is and all that sort of thing so we
put this form in place so all you got to
do is come to this weekend photo com
click on the forum button or this
weekend photo com for a / forum and
you'll get right here so this this area
is where you'll be able to communicate
with us the folks that are running the
site and running the the podcast or with
each other and I would encourage you to
come in here and post and ask questions
give us feedback on the show future
guests what you'd like to see what
topics you'd like us to cover what
tutorials you'd like us to maybe
generate all that kind of stuff can go
right in here now we got a lot of that
feedback in the survey that we ran a
couple of weeks ago but now this is kind
of a live area where you can actually
see what other people are saying and and
piggyback on it or you know give your
own opinions the other thing that we we
were getting a lot of requests for is
the area where folks could just go find
the pics we do these pics every week on
the show calm the pics of the week or
the tip of the week depending on you
know who you ask or who's hosting the
show but the pics of the week are when
when II each week what each one of the
guests will basically say you know what
a piece of hardware piece of software a
tip a technique or whatever a book even
that they recommend for that that
particular week thats related to
photography now they're all listed so
this is a gold mine of different pics
that you can just come and choose from I
would encourage you to come here and
just click around and look at the
different look at the different tips and
picks that we've that we've posted and
made available for you then down here at
the bottom here on every page you may
notice that there's this module here
with these 9 photos in it this is coming
from the TWiT flickr group so there's
over 10,000 members currently in the
TWiT Flickr group generating over
100,000 images and these are just the
last nine in fact since I've been
sitting here and reloading this page
they've been changing so it's almost
like a never-ending flow of images
coming into the Flickr group so if you
if you want to participate in here all
you got to do is join the group it's
free and when you post an image your
image will show up on the front page
just like this not only that when
someone clicks on your image say if i
click on you know say this image here
it'll do this nifty lightbox effect to
kind of showcase your image right front
and center on though this weekend photo
website so we'll click on this one you
can take a look at that shot and if you
click through on the photo you can
actually go into the the Flickr group or
the actual Flickr group and that user
submissions now the last thing that I
wanted to show you guys is the the post
themselves so I'm here on the front page
and I'm going to click on a post to go
into it let's say this one twit 154 so
if I click on this one this is now a
permanent home for this particular show
it's got all the details of the show who
was in it the wrap-up links everyone's
links you can even share this with your
look your social media networks right
there at the bottom but if you have a
keen eye and look right up here at the
top there's this player here so every
show though though it'll have a home on
this weekend photo of course and you'll
also be able to play the show directly
from the show page so it's making it
really easy for you to consume the show
now you don't have to wait for the show
to drop and go into the feed in order to
consume it you can still subscribe and
have it ready in your your iPod or your
iPad or your whatever device that you
happen to be listening to the show on
but you can also just come to the page
whenever you feel I could interact in
the forums and listen to the show and
you know just sort of have a good old
time and that's it that's uh that's
pretty much what I wanted to show you
here there's a lot more to the site and
I would encourage you to pop in here
often and check it out but that is the
brand new this week in photo website
we're really proud of it and I'm hoping
that it is I know it's better than the
old site but I'm hoping that we'll get a
lot of activity in here and then
that this will become the home for all
the photographer's that are following
the show that are so passionate about
the show we can also we can all just
hang out on the website here so that's
it frederik van johnson and you've been
updated